What did you come to learn, you
came and to learn a measurement
system. This is a system of
offices of polarities and we
quickly give them labels like
positive and negative good, bad
and these kinds of things we
learn this measurement system
very important. We learn it the
system of measurement and great
system of measurement that we
learned is pain pleasure and we
know how in the world. Could you
know pleasure if you didn't know
pain the most boring thing that
you could do is have a very even
life with no pain or no
pleasure. You couldn't stand it.
You've got to have these and we
search for those those.
Pain and pleasure things we go
out of our way to do it.
So if you think in terms of.
The whole concept of living here
to learn measurements now that's
the first, the 2nd is very
interesting. Is that you learn
to manipulate enerji? I move my
arms like this my hands? I've
moved my eyes and so on. I am
using I'm manipulating anergy to
do that. That's use of 5 or 6
types of enerji that let me
move. My arm and we learn these
very automatically and I can
tell you from deep personal
experience that that simple,
ability that we take so much for
granted of learning to
manipulate Energi. Is incredibly
valuable in other enerji systems
you would be amazed? How how
much value that we think are
ordinary things keeping your
balance for example, we
automatically learn how to stay
balanced in this gravitic
pattern, but over there is
wonderful. You can use these
kinds of things, so these are
the 2 key things but the most
important thing of all.
We came and we come here to
learn an acquire.
And intellect. It's strange.
An intellect we require or
intelligence is not enough of
the word, and it elect an
analytical ability. We come here
to learn that we use the
metaphor left brain. We learn to
acquire a left brain by living
here and being here. That's the
real valuable tool that we come
and pick up so you think that
combination puts together a
being that is a super being and
that's true except a terrible
thinking happens as they say all
the way to the store.
We think we come and learn this
and we think we will go.
And take off and go back where
we came from and I can say
without any equivocation. No
reservation no conditioning that
everything what little in is not
much I assure you.
Then I might have achieved so
far is totally do, do the
imposition of my intellect.
Appan Watt was taking place.
Instead of this flying around in
the auto body state after I knew
it wouldn't kill me. I got
curious and the intellect got
curious what's going on here?
What is this is taking place
that was the difference that
bought brought the whole thing
in in focus into patterns?
Getting my analytical ability at
work in it, and any little
growth has do to that.
Now The funny thing is that is
so is so now we gather all of
these things we've got their
elect our measurement knowledge.
Our application energean where
all as I like to put it going
home with all this bag full of
goodies as it were to take home
and show the local boys. How
much you've learned and what you
can do. Only the only problem is
that when we do this we forget
something that happens as again
on the way to the store that we
don't expect what's that, well
if you know about it, then you
can have fun. It's where you
don't know about it is where it
gets dangerous. And that is that
we become addicted to being
human. And so after we exit this
with this particular life
soldier. We're saying instead of
going home and what I call
having escape velocity to go
home. Something's happened in
living that life we've picked up
a load factor. There was
friction along the way and that
represents is so instead of
moving out and having a scape
velocity. We start turning your
loud matin. It's our decision.
No one else is that's important,
they are decision, we say, well.
I think I'll go back just once
more, and then this next time I
think I'll be a Mail instead of
a female that ought to be more
fun just once more, and then
I'll go home. So what happens is
instead of moving this way. We
loop around and go back being a
human again and go back and have
another human experience.
Another life type and we come
out again and we're already this
time, but this time, we've had
even a greater load factor don't
you see we've slowed up a little
more, we don't haven't got the
speed that we did.
We have a greater load and so
we're now in orbit and we have a
decaying orbit because when we
come up around the orbit like
this instead of going on. We
say, Oh, I gotta go back because
I've never seen paree and I'd
like to go to Paris for once, in
my life and I'd like to just go
there, so whole purpose to go
back and live again so that I
can go to Paris and I've heard
so much about Paris. I want to
go to Paris. So I'll go and live
again? So I can go to Paris and
as you can see each time you
pick up in each succeeding life.
A greater load factor so that as
you go through this your orbit
decays more and more as you go
through this living. These
successive lcisd. Until you get
locked in tighter and tighter
and tighter to you are locked in
being human so tight that you
forget where you came from.
You've lost all of the desire to
even dip art and go home. You've
lost at all because this is so
overwhelmingly addictiv that you
can think of anything else but
this time space physical matter
all the things that take place
in there. And no matter how hard
you try. You can't get away from
it, and the reason being there's
no law. But when you quote Die
and instead of going home.
You make the decision there's no
law that says you have to stay
here, you are the one who says I
gotta go back. I didn't eat
enough steaks. I didn't have
enough strawberries. I didn't
have enough children. All these
kinds of things or I didn't have
enough sex anyway. That's how we
lock in is being human.
In so doing this now, the next
trick is what happens well why
don't we? Recognize this more
and more because we are so
deeply addicted so we developed
an excuse, which you call belief
systems to rationalize this
process an but it's all done in
this local traffic human terms.
This is the difference.
As a result was somewhere along
the way you begin to find cracks
in the belief system. You begin
to find reasons that don't work
quite well. That's the
analytical thing coming into it.
So they wait a minute something
wrong here. This doesn't ways
doesn't workout 2:00 and 2:00
makes 6 no no no wrong, try
again. You begin to find out
that there are some holes in the
cracks and that's when you begin
to regrow and begin to so that
successively. You begin to start
on your way out again and you
begin to have a higher and
higher orbit as you learn more
and in these successive lives to
finally you got escape velocity
and then you do go home.
And that's what it's all about.
Bob are these very provocative
ideas. The result of your own
analytical human mind or is this
information that has come from
some source outside of your
human mind well. That's
There's that's an interesting
question, I would say probably I
can't give I'm prone to make
percentiles when I don't know if
I can give you an appropriate
for Santo. It is a combination,
obviously through the years
I've. Developed a lot
of non human friend.